[Текст песни «Юморист»]

[Интро]
Я, ха-ха, хэй
Я, юморист, on my wrist

[Куплет 1]
Нам не выжить без смеха, прям как без русского мата (эй)
Мой отец — КГБшник, а моя мать — с автоматом (да)
И мои дети — солдаты карательных батальонов
А мои братья — блюстители наших тёмных районов
Чувства юмора и нет, ведь так бы я давно смеялся
Над жизненной ситуацией, в которую загнал себя
Нет верёвки? Пусть тогда меня удушит галстук
Поскорей бы умереть, ведь я живу напрасно
Маколей Калкин и Галкин — мой Новый год, он снова гадкий, у
Что принесёт мне Санта, где подарки, может быть, жену?
Если русский Дед Мороз, тогда он принесёт войну
Шутники и юмористы развалили нам страну
Чё, смешно, сука? Чё ты там услышал? (пау-пау)
Я, чё, похож на клоуна? Ну-ка, встал и вышел (давай-давай)
У нас учителя, бывает, банчат гашишем
А ты мне чё-то затираешь здесь про своего бывшего

[Припев]
Gold on my wrist, я юморист
Пошутил не так — и ты попал в blacklist
Государева немилость, хоть я вроде бы и чистый
Небо самолётам, а цензура для артиста
Gold on my wrist, я юморист
Пошутил не так — и ты попал в blacklist
Государева немилость, хоть я вроде бы и чистый
Небо самолётам, а цензура для артиста

[Куплет 2]
Бандиты не на геликах — на геликах с мигалкой (да)
Базарим языком ГУЛАГа, воздухом со свалки
Мы копим на кусок гранита из-под палки
Собираем крошки, запивая просроченным Pulpy
Я устал, на часах почти семь вечера
Пьём пиво с пацанами — это Тайная вечеря
Я играю в гонки с мусорами, это всё не вечно
За это нож в печень, жизнь скоротечна (ха)

[Припев]
Gold on my wrist, я юморист
Пошутил не так — и ты попал в blacklist
Государева немилость, хоть я вроде бы и чистый
Небо самолётам, а цензура для артиста
Gold on my wrist, я юморист
Пошутил не так — и ты попал в blacklist
Государева немилость, хоть я вроде бы и чистый
Небо самолётам, а цензура для артиста

[Аутро]
It's payday, fellas
I said, it's fucking payday, mothafuck...




----------------------------------------------



[Text "Comedian" lyrics] 

[Intro] 
I ha ha, hey 
I'm a humorist, on up my wrist 

[Verse 1] 
We can not survive without laughing, just like without Russian mat (hey) 
My father - KGBshniki , and my mother - with a machine gun (yes) 
And my children are soldiers of punitive battalions 
And my brothers are guardians of our dark areas 
There are no sense of humor, because I would have laughed a long time ago 
Over the life situation I had driven myself 
No rope? Then let me choke my tie. 
Quickly die, because I live in vain 
Macaulay Culkin and Galkin - my New Year, he is nasty again,
What will Santa bring me, where are the gifts, maybe the wife? 
If the Russian Santa Claus, then he will bring war
Jokers and humorists ruined our country 
Che, funny, bitch? What did you hear there? (Pow-Pow) 
Do I look like a clown? Come on, got up and left (Come on) 
We have a teacher, it happens banchat hashish 
And you tell me chyo clobbered here about his former 

[Chorus] 
Gold on up my wrist, I comedian 
joked wrong - and you have got to blacklist 
Sovereign's favor, even though I like and clean 
sky aircrafts and censorship for the actor
Gold on my wrist, I comedian 
joked wrong - and you have got to blacklist 
the sovereign's favor, even though I like and clean 
sky aircrafts and censorship for the artist

[Verse 2] 
The bandits not Gelika - at Helice with flashing lights (yes) 
Bazaars language of the Gulag, the air from the dump
we hoard on a piece of granite with a stick 
Putting chips, washed down with overdue Pulpy 
I'm tired, the clock almost seven pm 
We drink a beer with the boys - is The Last Supper 
I play the race with garbage, it's not always 
for this knife in the liver, life is transient (ha) 

[Chorus] 
Gold on up my wrist, I comedian 
joked wrong - and you get a blacklist 
Sovereign's favor, though I it seems to be a clear 
sky for planes, but censorship for an artist
Gold on my wrist, I am a humorist 
Joked not so - and you ended up in the blacklist for 
Gosu yes disgrace, although I seem to be pure
Sky is airplanes, and censorship is for an artist

[Autro] 
It's payday, 
I said, it's fucking payday, mothafuck ...
