Sorry
Даже не знаю с чего начать. Опечален, sorry.
Именем бога молю тебя, недотрогу, латай
Раны, что не залечить.
Ночи, что я потерял, более мне не вернуть, время не перемотать.
 
Даже не знаю с чего начать. Опечален, sorry.
Именем бога молю тебя, недотрогу, латай
Раны, что не залечить.
Ночи, что я потерял, более мне не вернуть, время не перемотать.
 
Такая life, man, некуда деваться.
Веришь или нет — этому не будет конца.
Не ведись на кучу грязных и безликих провокаций,
Мало ли кого с какими думами закинуло сюда.
Злобы не видеть более, минора не нагоняй-ка,
За пределами дозволенного давным давно гуляем
Заколдованными патронами по демонам стреляй-ка.
 
Припев:
Силами ли выстлана
дорога до мечты, огрубели ли сердца ваши?
Мы миражи, быстро насуетите мину happy всем вокруг,
Мы лепим этот звук, пари.
 
Ну-ка, давай-ка до конца. Вы думали фарту присыпало мне? Не.
Не потерять лица бы тут средь этих якорей
Я не к этому летел, запри запреты, канитель,
Неровно дышит мой портвейн, меня не сыщешь, да забей.
 
Сами лавинами помню катились и боли надыбали.
Залипали… отвисали…
 
Я на грани, и Богу строки тяжелые
ХЗ смогут ли ухо ласкать тревогой.
Прости за музу, за ноты, за память занозой,
за музыку, за разум, в болоте увяз я.
Не надо, не трогай. Я падаю на ровном.
Найду ли в себе слово «быть» и дам ли его Богу?
 
Даже не знаю с чего начать. Опечален, sorry.
Именем бога молю тебя, недотрогу, латай
Раны, что не залечить.
Ночи, что я потерял, более мне не вернуть, время не перемотать.
 
Припев:
Силами ли выстлана
дорога до мечты, огрубели ли сердца ваши?
Мы миражи, быстро насуетите мину happy всем вокруг,
Мы лепим этот звук, пари.



------------------------------------------------------



Sorry

Verse 1 (x2):
It's hard to even know where to begin. I’m saddened, sorry.
In the name of God I beg you, prude,
to patch up wounds, that never be healed.
Nights, that I lost, I can’t get back, can’t rewind time.
 
Verse 2:
That’s life, man, got nowhere to go.
Believe it or not, there's never an end.
Don’t fall for heaps of dirty and faceless provocations.
Your never know who
and with what thoughts were put in here.
I don't want to see more anger.
Don’t put me into the melancholy.
We’re crossed the line of permissible in a long time.
Shoot at demons with bewitched bullets.
 
Chorus:
Whether the force paves the way to dream?
Whether your hearts became callous?
We're mirages.
Wear a mask with happy face fast for everyone around.
We're creating this sound.
Live in the clouds!
 
Verse 3:
Come on! Let's get to the bottom.
Did you think I'm lucky man? No.
I don’t want to lose face among these anchors.
I've was flying towards another aim.
Lock up your bans and waste of time,
my port is breathing not regularly.
Forget it.
 
I remember we were going as avalanche and getting a pain.
We've cuddled up…
We've all hanged together…
 
I’m on a verge, and fuck knows
whether these painful lines
charm God’s ear with anxiety.
Forgive me for muse, for notes,
for splinter in memory, for music, for mind,
I've got bogged down.
Don’t! Don’t touch.
I’m falling down where none exists.
Can i find the words “to be” in myself
and give it to God?
