Капитан (Captain)
Припев (x2):
Потеряли себя. Нема нам не надо1.
Manna, команда магов2, - ва-банк.
И зомби там битом игриво так по кабакам.
За браваду3 тут топил4 убитый капитан,
акапеллами недопетыми насыпал грусти.
Лови для лайфа. Чё, не фонтан?
 
Куплет 15:
Мир ебучих антен в час перемен убавит урбана день.
 
Не готов был унять эту любовь, поседел,
ненавижу себя, но живу каждый день я.
 
Только тучи да тень от небылицы,
меня знать не хотел этот мир, догорел для меня.
Убивай, зарывай мое тело, не жду перемен я.
 
Мне наскучили все, в частности, сам себе.
Слово давал не забыть для кого я живу,
но я мразь, и мудак, и паскуда. Его не сдержал я.
 
Я закручивал день, музыка-дура меня толпами бей,
только толку от этого? Мне не умереть.
Забывай мое имя, забывай меня.
 
Припев (x2)
 
Куплет 2:
Дескать, это перебежки по рельсам.
Тесла перевернул мир. Куролесим.
Ты напой как бы напел бог.
Это берега Мастера Восток6.
 
И такой расклад: либо ты, либо стоп.
Окати меня водой, когда будет ожог.
Добрый, но злой бережет,
наговаривали пулей бы тобой порешал (?).
 
Я стен недобитый портрет,
либо манекен, либо человек.
Этому - не верь, этому - не верь
Этому - не верь, этому - не верь
Этому - никогда не верь.
 
Взамен я накидывал строк.
Дело перемен, я перевидал снов
и топил эту любовь и лавировал вновь.
Это пустозвон, говорили назло.
 
Припев (x4)




-----------------------------------------------




Captain
Refrain (x2):
Lost ourselves. We don’t need anything.
Manna team wizard1go all-in.
And the zombie playfully entertains public2 with beat in the pubs.
The dead captain fought for bravado3,
and poured sadness with not finised acapellas.
Catch it for life. What, you don’t like?
 
Verse 14:
World of fucking antennas at the hour of change will reduce the urban day.
 
I wasn't ready to repress this love, I was turning gray.
I hate myself, but live every day.
 
Only the black clouds and the shadow of fable, this world didn't want to know me, it've burned down for me. Kill me, bury my body, I'm not waiting for changes.
 
I’m fed up with all, in particular, with myself. I've given the word not to forget for whom I live, but I'm a scum, and an asshole, and a villain. I haven't kept it.
 
I've fully occupied days; the music-fool, beat me with the help of crowds, but what’s the point?
I can't die. Forget my name, forget me.
 
Refrain (x2)
 
Verse 2:
Say, this is rushs on rails.
Tesla've turned the world. We play pranks.
Sing as if God would sing.
These are the shores of the Master of East5.
 
Here's the deal: is either you or stop.
Throw water on me if there's a burn.
Somebody good and evil saves,
it could be resolved with bullets(?).
 
I’m a portrait on the wall, not beaten completely.
Either a mannequin or a man.
Don't trust him. Don't trust him.
Don't trust him. Don't trust him.
Never believe him.
 
Instead of it, I was drafting the lyrics.
The affair of change, I've experienced a lot of dreaming,
аnd I've supported this love and I've maneuvered again.
He's a windbag, they said to spite me.
 
Refrain (x4)
