[Интро: Monatik и Надя Дорофеева]
Я вижу опасность и это прекрасно -
Иначе было бы скучно. Начинай, мучай меня
Я вижу опасность и это прекрасно -
Иначе было бы скучно. Начинай, мучай меня

[Куплет 1: Monatik и Надя Дорофеева]:
Я дружу с головой, вроде бы всё хорошо, но -
Всё хорошо, но стой. Где-то покоя нет
Трамваи молчат, им дышать
Уже очень поздно. Да, очень поздно
Мы не знакомы, нет (абсолютно)

[Переход: Monatik и Надя Дорофеева]
Да, мы не знакомы, но я же вижу - ты опасна
И это прекрасно - иначе было бы скучно
Начинай, мучай меня
Я же вижу, ты опасен, и это напрасно
Абсолютно напрасно, ведь мы глубоко, глубоко

[Припев: Monatik и Надя Дорофеева]
Глубоко в твоих глазах. Мне, всё так знакомо
Глубоко в твоих глазах
(Я вижу опасность, и это прекрасно
Всё, что ты захочешь - буду только за!)
Глубоко в твоих глазах вижу невесомость
Глубоко в твоих глазах вижу опасность
И это прекрасно, иначе было бы скучно -
Начинай, мучай меня!

[Куплет 2: Надя Дорофеева]:
Глубоко в твоих глазах хочу лететь
Мне наверно станет спокойней
Станет спокойней
Станет спокойней

[Куплет 3: Monatik и Надя Дорофеева]:
Да, так опасно тебя хотеть
И без тебя остаться опасно
Гордая, яркая!
Гордая, яркая!

[Переход: Monatik и Надя Дорофеева]:
Я же вижу - ты опасна, и это прекрасно
Иначе было бы скучно. Начинай, мучай меня
Я же вижу, ты опасен, и это напрасно -
Абсолютно напрасно...

[Припев: Monatik и Надя Дорофеева]
Ведь я глубоко в твоих глазах вижу невесомость
Глубоко в твоих глазах
(Я вижу опасность, и это прекрасно!
Всё, что ты захочешь - буду только за!)
Глубоко в твоих глазах. Мне всё так знакомо
Глубоко в твоих глаза
(Я вижу опасность, и это прекрасно -
Иначе было бы скучно, начинай)

[Куплет 4: Monatik и Надя Дорофеева]
Ты опасна, это безусловно
Сегодня я русалка, я создаю волны
Ты волнуешь меня
Я волную тебя
Ты опасна, это безусловно
Сегодня я русалка, я создаю волны
Ты волнуешь меня
Я волную тебя
Сегодня я русалка, я создаю волны
Сегодня я русалка, я создаю волны
Так глубоко
Так глубоко
Сегодня я русалка, я создаю волны
Сегодня я русалка, я создаю волны

[Аутро: Monatik и Надя Дорофеева]
Так глубоко!



------------------------------------------



[Intro: Monatik and Nadia Dorofeeva] 
I see danger and it is beautiful - 
Otherwise it would be boring. Start, torment me. 
I see danger and it is beautiful. 
Otherwise it would be boring. Begin, torment me 

[Verse 1: Monatik and Nadia Dorofeeva ]: 
I am friends with my head, everything seems to be fine, but - 
Everything is fine, but stand. Somewhere there is no peace 
Trams are silent, they breathe 
It's very late. Yes, very late 
We do not know, no (absolutely)

[Transition: Monatik and Nadia Dorofeeva ] 
Yes, we do not know each other, but I see you are dangerous 
And that is fine - otherwise it would be boring 
Start, torment me 
I see you dangerous and it is in vain
Absolutely in vain, because we are deep, deep

[Chorus: Monatik and Nadia Dorofeeva] 
Deep in your eyes. To me, everything is so familiar 
Deep in your eyes 
(I see danger, and this is beautiful 
Everything that you want - I will be all for it!) 
Deep in your eyes I see weightlessness 
Deep in your eyes I see danger 
And this is beautiful, otherwise it would be boring - 
Start torment me!

[Verse 2: Nadia Dorofeev]: 
Deep in your eyes, I want to fly 
I will probably quieter 
become calm 
become calm 

[Verse 3: Monatik and Nadia Dorofeev]: 
Yes, it is dangerous to want you 
and without you remain dangerously 
proud, bright! 
Proud, bright! 

[Transition: Monatik and Nadia Dorofeeva]: 
I see that you are dangerous and that is fine. 
Otherwise it would be boring. Begin, torment me. 
I see that you are dangerous, and it is in vain - 
Absolutely vain ... 

[Chorus: Monatik and Nadia Dorofeev] 
After all, I deeply in your eyes see weightlessness 
Deep in your eyes 
(I see danger, and this is wonderful! 
Everything that you want - I will be only for!)
Deep in your eyes. Everything is so familiar to me 
Deep in your eyes 
(I see danger, and this is wonderful - 
Otherwise it would be boring to start)

[Verse 4: Monatik and Nadia Dorofeeva ] 
You are dangerous, it is unconditional 
Today I am a mermaid, I create waves
You excite me 
I excite you
You are dangerous, it is unconditional 
Today I am a mermaid, I create waves
You excite me 
I

excite you Today I am a mermaid, I create waves Today I am a mermaid, I create waves So deep So deep Today I am a mermaid, I create waves Today I am a mermaid, I create waves

[Autro: Monatik and Nadia Dorofeeva] 
So deep!
