[Verse 1: 4atty aka Tilla]
Мне не надо твой номер, ты сама мне позво́нишь
Я готовлю контрольный, когда ты мне наготовишь
Весь мой день — это встречи, весь твой день — это вещи
Весь твой день — это вечер, весь твой день — это вельчик
Я меняю костюмы, дуют, типа, муссоны
И летаю повсюду, все ради музона

[Hook: 4atty aka Tilla]
Я не в себе, два колеса, одно — тебе, другое — мне
Велосипед, давай висеть
У нас все есть, два колеса, одно — тебе, другое — мне
Велосипед, давай висеть (Ну давай висеть!)

[Pre-Verse: Юрий Бардаш]
Среди всех иномарок
Ты мое украшение
Я тебе не подарок
У тебя не день рождения

[Verse 2: 4atty aka Tilla + Юрий Бардаш]
Я на медленном, у нас low ride
Моя baby — бомба, любит взрывать
Чики-пики, дела
В танце трутся наши тела
Пару дней нам не спится
Я даже не помню, где этот бит взял
Давай двигаться, как ниндзя
Кстати, тебе надо ходить в зал, чтобы добиться
Ты не понимаешь, как от меня отойти
Я же тебе не Jack Daniels
В голове до сих пор играет клубный тик
Мы давно так не джемились
(А давай будем джемиться?)
После того, как поженимся
(А давай будем джемиться?)
После того, как поженимся

[Verse 3: Симптом (НЖН)]
Все, что тебе нужно сейчас — это деньги
Все, что мне нужно сейчас — это день
Да ты как ни крути, но мы летаем по встречной
Топим педали навстречу судьбе
Ты такая номинированная на успех
И мы будто на ракете, подымаемся вверх
Мой каждый день - это как новый фильм
Твой каждый день - это погоня за ним

[Bridge: Симптом (НЖН)]
Два колеса, велосипед
Топим педалями только наверх
У нас все есть, абонемент
Мы будто на ракете, подымаемся вверх
Два колеса, велосипед
Топим педалями только наверх
У нас все есть, абонемент
Мы будто на ракете, подымаемся вверх

[Hook: 4atty aka Tilla]
Я не в себе, два колеса, одно — тебе, другое — мне
Велосипед, давай висеть
У нас все есть, два колеса, одно — тебе, другое — мне
Велосипед, давай висеть (Ну давай висеть!)

[Skit: Kyivstoner]
- Да, дядя, не кипишуй ты, щас мы влетим на нормальный движ, все будет — подружани будут, все дела будут, все будет пушка, отвечаю!
- Иии
- Щас именно ворвемся, дядя, там такой движ, казино такое нормальное, все будет вери вандефул. Отвечаю!
- Иии
- Да ладно, че ты, о, о, во, во, во, я ж говорил, позвонит, говорил? Алло, да. Шо? Да ну, дядя, шо ты так исполняешь, зачем ты меня так подставляешь, мы вон с пацанами тупо не первый круг, не первый день колесим, а ты мне такое заряжаешь, шо ниче не будет. Ты пе... перезвонишь? Отвечаешь? Отвечаешь? Все, жду, жду, жду. Щас он перезвонит. Ну, щас он позвонит. Он всегда перезванивает. Отвечаю. Ладно, давай я тебе прозвоню другой движ

[Verse 4: 4atty aka Tilla]
Она меня гладит, потому что похож на кота я
Вечерами по городу, любя, меня катает
Мы набираем скорость, чтобы было быстрей
Я беру трехколесный, чтобы ты была с ней
(И мы катим, ты и твоя подруга)
Через черный ход обходим очередь у клуба
Бомба, меня волнуют только твои формы
Вот это да! Мама, папа, я не буду ночевать дома
У меня всё ок
Миллион знакомых, что не знают закон
Я не ухожу, но пока-пока!
А ты липнешь ко мне, как bubble gum
Я в твоем Audi и ты таешь на мне, как Bounty
(Ты в моем Audi, и я таю на тебе, как Bounty)

[Outro: Kyivstoner]
Ну, давай висеть!
У-у! Не гони! У-у! Не гони так гнать!
У-у! Не гони! У-у! Не гони так гнать!
У-у! Не гони! У-у! Не гони так гнать!
У-у! Не гони! У-у! Не гони так гнать!



---------------------------------------



[Verse 1: 4atty aka Tilla] 
I don’t need your number, you 
will allow me to do it. I prepare the control room, when you prepare me. 
All my day is meetings, all your day is things. 
All your day is evening, all your day it velchik 
I change costumes, blow, like, monsoons 
and fly everywhere, all for the sake of Mouzon 

[Hook: 4atty aka Tilla] 
I can not imagine two wheels, one thing - you, the other - my 
bike, let's hang 
we still have two wheels, one is for you, the other is for me 
Bicycle, let's hang (Well, let's hang!)

[Pre-Verse: Yuri Bardash] 
Among all the cars 
You are my decoration 
I am not a gift for 
you e birthday 

[Verse 2: 4atty aka Tilla +Yuri Bardash ] 
I'm slow, we have a low ride 
My baby is a bomb, likes to blow up 
Chiki-peaks, things are 
in our bodies rubbing for a 
couple of days we can't sleep 
I don't even remember where this bit took 
Let's move like a ninja 
By the way you have to go to the gym to get it
You don’t understand how to get away from me 
I’m not Jack Daniels 
You still have a club tick in your head 
We haven’t been so jammed for a long time 
(And let's get married?) 
After we get married
(And let's jam?) 
after getting married

[Verse 3: Symptom (NZHN)] 
All you need now is money 
All I need now is day 
Yes, whatever you like, but we fly along the counter 
We drown pedals to meet fate 
You are so nominated for success 
And we like rocket, rises up 
My every day - it's like a new movie 
Your every day - it's the pursuit of it 

[Bridge: Symptom (NZHN)] 
The two-wheel bike 
drown pedals only upstairs 
We have everything, subscription 
We like a rocket, rises up 
two wheels, bike 
drown pedals only upstairs 
We have everything, subscription 
We like a rocket, rising emsya up 

[Hook: 4atty aka Tilla]
I am not in myself, two wheels, one is for you, the other is for me 
Bicycle, let's hang. 
We have everything, two wheels, one for you, the other is for me 
Bicycle, let's hang (Well, let's hang!)

[Skit: Kyivstoner] 
- Yes, uncle, you do not boil it up, right now we will fly into the normal movement, everything will be there will be friends, everything will be done, everything will be a cannon, I answer! 
- Iii 
- Right now, we will break in, uncle, there is such a move, the casino is so normal, everything will be believed for sure. I answer! 
- Iii 
- Oh, come on, why are you, oh, oh, oh, oo, oo, oo, oh, I said, called, said? Hello, yes. Shaw? Oh, uncle, sho you do this, why are you putting me in this way, we are stupid with the boys, not the first lap, not driving the first day, and you are charging me this, sho will not be anything. Will you ... call back? Are you answering? Are you answering? All waiting, waiting, waiting. Right now, he will call you back. Well, right now, he will call. He always calls back. I answer. Okay, let me call you another movement 

[Verse 4: 4atty aka Tilla]
She gave me strokes, because it looks like a cat, I 
evenings on the town, loving me rolls 
We recruit speed to make it quicker 
I take the tricycle you to be with her 
(And we are rolling, you and your friend) 
through the backdoor bypass the queue at the Club 
Bomb, I care only about your forms 
Wow! Mom, Dad, I will not spend the night at home 
I have everything ok 
Million acquaintances that do not know the law 
I am not leaving, but so far, bye! 
And you stick to me like a bubble gum 
I'm in your Audi and you bother me like a Bounty 
(You’re in my Audi and I melt you like a Bounty) 

[Outro: Kyivstoner] 
Well, let's hang out! 
Yy! Do not speed! Yy! Do not drive so drive! 
Yy! Do not speed! Yy! Do not drive so drive!
Yy! Do not speed! Yy! Do not drive so drive! 
Yy! Do not speed! Yy! Do not drive so drive!
