Мотылёк
Ну, что ты братишка притих... Обида залита в груди
И можешь не хавать, не пить, с*ка не хочется жить,
Дарил ей столько добра, ввалил в нее столько бабла,
Ты думал лишь ты и она и спокойно ладил дела.
Сколько потерянных дней, конечно, может быть, но только не с ней,
Сколько потерянных лет, обида прожигает грудь до боли сильнее.
Ничего, потерпи месяцок, я это сам не по рассказам знаю,
Что вскоре твой любимы мотылек в твоих глазах станет обычной тварью.
 
Я затолкаю тебя в тачку силой, я отвезу тебя к пацанам
Там банька, рыбка и пиво, братишка, я тебе сдохнуть не дам.
Как много в мире девушек красивых, искренних, верных, да, и простых.
Такая вот терапия, будет еще больней, но ты держись.
 
От того порою грустно, что в жизни бывает, много несправедливых вещей,
Того кто о нас ноги вытирает, как ни странно мы любим еще сильнее.
Ты будешь вырываться и бежать к ней, я тебя крепко свяжу,
Ты сколько лет доверял ей напрасно, теперь, братишка, доверься Коржу.
Сколько с тобой изведаем стран, сколько с тобой заработаем бабок,
Сколько с тобой попробуем баб: азиаток, метисок, мулаток.
Теперь ты знаешь, что от них ожидать, не попадешься больше в эти лапы,
Ты знаешь, в жизни есть только мать, только она будет любить тебя сильным и слабым.
Конечно, это с*ка приползет и очень быстро, и со старта зальет тебе в уши,
Она нат**халась вдоволь со своим футболистом, теперь ей хочется стабильности, хочется кушать.
Ты посмотри, братан, какой закат все остальное, брат, такая мелочь.
Санёк, ливни ему че-нить в стакан, чтобы не думал че с собой делать.
 
Я затолкаю тебя в тачку силой, я отвезу тебя к пацанам
Там банька, рыбка и пиво, братишка, я тебе сдохнуть не дам.
Как много в мире девушек красивых, искренних, верных, да, и простых.
Такая вот терапия, такая вот жесткая жизнь.



-----------------------------------------------------



Butterfly*
Hey, why did you quiet down, brother... resentment has flooded your chest
You can't eat, can't drink, f*uck, you don't want to live,
You gave her so much kindness, invested in her so much money,
You thought it's just you and her, and quietly settled down.
How many wasted days, of course, anything could happen, just not with her,
How many wasted years, resentment burns your chest to even stronger pain.
It's nothing, be patient for a month, I don't know this from stories myself,
That soon your beloved butterfly, in your eyes will become a usual beast.
 
I'll shove you in the car by force, I'll take you to the boys
There's a bathhouse, fish and beer, brother, I won't let you die.
There are so many beautiful girls in the world, sincere, loyal and even simple.
This is therapy, it will hurt more, but hold on.
 
From that it's sometimes sad, that in life, there are a lot of unfair things,
The one that wipes their feet with us, however weird in might be, we love even more.
You will escape and run to her, I will tie you up tightly,
How many years did you trust her in vain, now, brother, trust KORJ.
How many countries we will see, how much money we will earn,
How many women we will try: asian, mixed, tanned.
Now you know, what to expect from them, you won't fall in those hands anymore,
You know, in life there's only the mother, only she will love you strong and weak.
Of course this b*itch will crawl back very fast, and from the start will flood your ears,
She fuc*ed with her footballer enough, now she wants stability, she wants to eat.
Look, brother, what a sunset, everything else, bro, means nothing.
Saneok**, pour something in his glass, so he won't think about what to do with himself.
 
I'll shove you in the car by force, I'll take you to the boys
There's a bathhouse, fish and beer, brother, I won't let you die.
There are so many beautiful girls in the world, sincere, loyal and even simple.
This is therapy, this is grown up life.
