[Куплет 1]
Как по юности с дому сбежал
Так с тех пор не могу усидеть
Я на месте одном и ни дня
В приключение всё тянет залезть
Самый непроходимый маршрут
Небо яркое скроет в дыму
Кто сказал, что я не боюсь
Я боюсь, я боюсь, но иду...

[Припев]
Прямо за мечтой, провожать не стоит
С выводами погоди, не нуждаюсь в жалости
Путает порой, то деньги, то любовь
Но над этой пропастью, только и успеваю тормозить

[Куплет 2]
Стоя в тамбуре в шортах дрожа, (спасибо)
Для себя я тогда уж решил, (спасибо большое)
Остальные пусть поют для писюх
Я ж всегда буду петь для души
Звезды падают звоном монет
Всех кого уважал — пережил
И тебе брат отдельный совет:
Не ведись, коль собрался идти...

[Припев]
Прямо за мечтой, провожать не стоит
С выводами погоди, не нуждаюсь в жалости
Путает порой, то деньги, то любовь
Но над этой пропастью, только и успеваю тормозить

[Куплет 3]
Жизнь такая брат, все хотят как в фильмах, все хотят одно
И самому как на месте устоять, соблазны чтоб не сбили с ног
Но знаешь что? Зато как кайфово через время позади
Оглянуться и понять, что ты до сих пор не свернул с пути?

[Бридж]
Прямо за мечтой, провожать не стоит
С выводами тормози, не нуждаюсь в жалости
Путает порой, то деньги, то любовь
Но над этой пропастью, только и успеваю тормозить

[Скит]
Вот бывает видишь человека, походка ровная, взгляд уверенный, даже завидуешь как-то, а на самом деле внутри он мечется, с угла в угол. Место всё найти не может, и только прибивает его туда, где есть хоть какая-то выгода. А тебя, бывает в жизни, так швыряет по разные стороны: то в гору, то в яму, то вообще, нахрен, назад отбросит, со стороны всем кажется, вот бедолага, а в душе то у тебя все на месте, и путь твой ровнее ровного

[Бридж]

Прямо за мечтой, провожать не стоит
С выводами тормози, не нуждаюсь в жалости
Путает порой, то деньги, то любовь
Но над этой пропастью, только и успеваю тормозить



-------------------------------------------------



[Verse 1] 
As of youth with the house escaped 
So since I can not sit still 
I'm on the ground one and a single day 
into an adventure still draws climb 
most impassable route 
sky bright hides in smoke 
Who says I do not I'm afraid 
I'm afraid, I'm afraid, but go ... 

[Chorus] 
just a dream, it is not necessary to accompany 
the conclusions of wait, do not need pity 
Confuses sometimes, the money, the love 
, but over this precipice, and only have time to slow down 

[Verse 2 ] 
Standing in the vestibule in shorts shivering (thank you) 
for myself, I then really figured (thanks a lot) 
let the others sing for pisyuh
I f Always I will sing for the soul
The stars are falling by the ringing of coins 
All whom I respected - survived
And your brother’s separate advice: 
Do not drive, because you are going to go ...

[Chorus] 
Right behind the dream, you shouldn’t see off 
With the conclusions, wait, I don’t need pity. 
Confuses sometimes, money, love. 
But over this precipice, I only have time to slow down 

[Verse 3] 
Life is such a brother, everyone wants like in movies, everything They want one 
and how to stand on the ground, so as not to offend knocked down 
, but you know what? But how kayfovo through time behind 
Look back and understand that you still have not turned off the path? 

[Bridge] 
Right behind the dream, you should not be escorted 
With brakes, I don’t need pity 
Sometimes I confuse money and love 
But over this precipice, I only have time to brake 

[Skit]
You can see a person here, his gait is even, he looks confident, he is even jealous of something, but in fact he rushes inside from corner to corner. The place cannot find everything, and only nails it to a place where there is at least some benefit. And it happens to you, it happens in life, so it hurls on different sides: now up the hill, now into the pit, now in general, fuck it, throw it back, it seems to everyone that it’s a poor fellow, but in your soul everything is in place, and your path smoother even 

[Bridge] 

Right behind the dream, you should not accompany it 
With the brakes, I don’t need pity 
Sometimes I get confused, then money, then love 
But over this chasm, I only have time to brake
