[Куплет 1]
Я миную мир иной, иду по мостовой
Каждая минута в кайф, целый мир под ногой
Час пик, - и любим мы город, хоть от счастья лети
Где твоя удача, брат, нам с тобой по пути
Твой навигатор настроен туда, где тепло
Ты - мой друг, что-то стоишь, а не просто трепло
Твой шанс где-то рядом, - используй его
Ведь кому ты нужен здесь, кроме себя самого?
Каждый хочет знать, где и в чем его ремесло
Я просто делаю свое музло
Каждый хочет знать и верить, любить до дрожи по коже
Если ты с небом в хорошем, оно всегда поможет!

[Припев]
Небо поможет нам! Небо поможет искать
И небо поможет нам! Небо поможет все взять
И небо поможет нам! Небо поможет нам
И небо поможет нам! Небо поможет нам

[Куплет 2]
Эй, чтоб словить денег мешок, купи билет в ЛОТО
А свои пустые бредни оставь на потом
Мне же не надо ничего, я сам себя нашел
Видеть мир реально прекрасным, а не мнимое мнимое шоу
Не зная точный путь, не зная тех преград
Мы вышли на старт и ни шагу назад
И счастье, что зову - не за горами брат
Лишь будь готов к нему, все мигом забрать
Каждый хочет знать, где и в чем его ремесло
Я просто делаю свое музло
Да, нам нужно все сразу! Да, нам не нужно позже
Мы с тобой братишка до конца и небо нам поможет

[Припев]
Небо поможет нам! Небо поможет искать
И небо поможет нам! Небо поможет все взять
И небо поможет нам! Небо поможет нам
И небо поможет нам! Небо поможет нам
Свет в твоем окне тебе напомнит обо мне
Свет в твоем окне тебе напомнит обо мне



-----------------------------------------------



[Verse 1] 
I’m passing the other world, walking along the pavement 
Every minute is high, the whole world is underfoot, 
Rush hour, and we love the city, even if we’re happy to fly 
Where is your luck, brother, us with you on the way 
Your navigator is tuned to where the heat is 
You are my friend, you are standing for something, and not just yaping 
Your chance is somewhere nearby - use it 
After all, who needs you here besides yourself? 
Everyone wants to know where and what his craft is. 
I just make my music. 
Everyone wants to know and believe, love to shiver through the skin. 
If you are with a good sky, it will always help! 

[Chorus] The 
sky will help us! The sky will help to search 
And the sky will help us! The sky will help all take
And the sky will help us! The sky will help us 
And the sky will help us! The sky will help us 

[Verse 2] 
Hey, to make a bag of money, buy a ticket to the Lotto 
And leave your empty nonsense for later 
I don’t need anything, I found myself 
Seeing the world really beautiful, but not imaginary imaginary show 
Without knowing the exact way, without knowing those obstacles 
We went to the start and not a step back 
And happiness, that I call - my brother is just around the corner 
Just be ready for it, pick everything up instantly 
Everyone wants to know where and what is his craft 
I just make my own muzlo 
Yes, we need all at once! Yes, we do not need it later. 
We are with you brother until the end and the sky will help us.

[Chorus] The 
sky will help us! The sky will help to search 
And the sky will help us! The sky will help take everything 
And the sky will help us! The sky will help us 
And the sky will help us! The sky will help us The 
light in your window will remind you of me The 
light in your window will remind you of me
