[Интро]
Sayonara Boy (Pow! Pow! Pow! Pow! Pow!)
Sayonara Boy (O-o-o-o-o)
Sayonara Boy (Ha-ha-ha-ha)
Yah-Yah-Yah

[Куплет 1]
В средней школе старшеклассницы любили меня трогать
Я прогуливал уроки у них дома (да-да-да)
Я любил желтую мамбу и чёрную кока-колу
Участковый говорил, что я наркоман (ха!)
Ritter-sport пополам, розовый bubblegum
Аэрофлот, врывается в облака (а-а-а)
У тебя прекрасная жопа, на ней моя рука (а-а-а-а-а)

[Припев]
Я ребёнок рожденный сиять (сиять)
Теперь мне так говорит вся семья (вся семья)
Я ребёнок рожденный сиять (ya-ya-ya)
Теперь мне так говорит вся семья (ага-ага)
Я ребёнок рожденный сиять (iya-iya-iya)
Теперь мне так говорит вся семья (вся семья, вся семья)
Я ребёнок рожденный сиять (а-а-а-а)
Теперь мне так говорит вся семья (да-да-да-да)

[Куплет 2]
Рядом со мной ты меняешься в лице (упс)
Твоя тёлка берет меня на прицел (иди сюда!)
Рядом со мной ты меняешься в лице (ага)
Твоя тёлка берет меня на прицел (сучка!)
Ritter-sport пополам, розовый bubblegum
Аэрофлот, врывается в облака (а-а-а)
У тебя прекрасная жопа, на ней моя рука (а-а-а-а-а)

[Мост]
Моя семья больше не будет никогда работать на работе, и вообще больше не будет никогда работать, если не захочет
Нахуй, им нужна работа? (нахуй-нахуй-нахуй?)
У меня есть бабло
У меня есть бабло
И я чувствую его тепло
(У меня дохуя бабла!)

[Припев]
Я ребёнок рожденный сиять (это я!)
Теперь мне так говорит вся семья (вся-вся-вся-вся)
Я ребёнок рожденный сиять (ага-ага)
Теперь мне так говорит вся семья (оу воу-воу)
Я ребёнок рожденный сиять (я! я! я! я! я!)
Теперь мне так говорит вся семья (вся-вся-вся-вся)
Я ребёнок рожденный сиять (я! я! я!)
Теперь мне так говорит вся семья (вся-вся-вся-вся)

[Аутро]
Sayonara Boy
Sayonara Boy
Sayonara Boy
Sayonara Boy

[Скит]
- Ну ты молодец, ты настолько молодец, теперь я просто...
Я даже не знаю, глядя, на все твои усилия, сколько ты
Выкладываешься, ну это просто...
Ты как робот!
- Знаешь, у нас братская любовь
Не показывать чувства, это так будет всегда
Если я бы сказал, что ты красава, тебе бы не было куда
Рости, поэтому я никогда так не скажу...



----------------------------------------------



[Intro] 
Sayonara Boy (Pow! Pow! Pow! Pow! Pow!) 
Sayonara Boy (Ooooo) 
Sayonara Boy (Ha-ha-ha-ha) 
Yah-Yah-Yah 

[Verse 1] 
In high school, high school students loved me to touch 
me skipped lessons at their home (yes yes yes) 
I loved the yellow mamba and black Coca-Cola 
Precinct said that I was a drug addict (ha!) 
Ritter-sport in half, pink bubblegum 
Aeroflot, breaks into the clouds ( aaaa ) 
You have a great ass, my hand is on it (aaaaaaa) 

[Chorus] 
I was a child born to shine (shine) 
Now the whole family says to me (the whole family) 
I am a child born to shine (ya-ya-ya ) 
Now the whole family says so to me (aha-aha)
I am a child born to shine (iya-iya-iya) 
Now the whole family says so to me (the whole family, the whole family) 
I am a child born to shine ( aaaaaa) Now the whole family 
says so to me (yes, yes, yes yes) 

[Verse 2] 
Next to me you change your face (oops) 
Your chick takes me on sight (come here!) 
Next to me you change your face (aha) 
Your chick takes me on sight (bitch!) 
Ritter-sport in half, pink bubblegum 
Aeroflot, breaks into the clouds ( aaa ) 
You have a great ass, my hand is on it ( aaaaaa )

[Bridge] 
My family will never work again at work, and in general will never work again, if it doesn’t want to 
Fuck, do they need work? (fuck-fuck-fuck?) 
I have a loot 
I have a loot 
And I feel his warmth 
(I have a doha of dough!) 

[Chorus] 
I was a child born to shine (it's me!) 
Now the whole family says so (all -all-all) 
I'm a child born to shine (aha-aha) 
Now the whole family says so to me (oh whoa whoa) 
I'm a child born to shine (me! me! me! me! me!) 
Now the whole family says so to me (all -all-all-all) 
I'm a child born to shine (I! I! I!) 
Now the whole family says so to me (all-all-all-all-all) 

[Autro] 
Sayonara Boy
Sayonara Boy 
Sayonara Boy 
Sayonara Boy 

[Skeet] 
- Well, you are well done, you are so well done, now I just ... 
I don’t even know, looking at all your efforts, how much you 
give all the best , well, it's just ... 
You are like a robot! 
- You know, we have brotherly love 
Do not show feelings, it will always be like this 
If I would say that you are beautiful, you wouldn’t have been to 
Rosti, so I will never say that ...
