My Babylon
Припев:
Мой Babylon, дымит штакет, как дымится Вьетнам.
Мой Babylon учит на улице делить пополам.
Мой Babylon, любите пап, любите и мам.
Мой Babylon, за нами наблюдает грозный Badman.
Мой Babylon.
Мой Babylon.
Мой Babylon.
Мой Babylon.
Мой Babylon.
 
Куплет 1:
За нами наблюдает Badman.
Брата покидают мысли, когда вижу капкан.
Как там? Твоё солнце под решёткой, джа.
Я по сей день палю на горы и чешу затылок.
 
Нам Далабанга до лампы, Лаван.
Babylon искал дух с силой атамана.
Там вырастим детей, как ганжу, вне закона.
Повелеваю стать таким, как хочет природа.
 
Так хочется свободы в этих бетонных стенах.
Мы говорим слова, пока ты ищешь дырку в венах..
Любая тема в Babylonе превратится в fighting,
тут свои законы - чужих не подпускайте.
 
По два подбавили, Бадман, по два добавили,
бабла бы вам добавили, я план, Манас, издавна дымил.
Вырубай, вырубай, вырубай, вырубай, мой мир – моя плейба.
И ты не вправе осуждать, уходи отсюда.
 
Припев.
 
Куплет 2:
Я уже быстро, чисто,
раскидаю карты по рукам,
слышь, mister.
Ты не увидишь на своём районе добрых лиц,
дети давно испортились, покосило девиц.
 
А мама не знает меня,
а её сын давно ушёл по стопам.
Виной этот грозный Badman,
меня втянул чёрный Babylon!
 
А мама не знает меня,
а её сын давно ушёл по стопам.
Виной этот грозный Badman,
меня втянул чёрный Babylon!
 
Куплет 3:
Тwo, motherfucker, yo - следи за своим эго,
качай своих родных, своё родное племя.
Мы расходились под рассветы, менялись волки.
Стаи знают мой закон: чёрные бейсболки,
чёрные лица, мать его, чёрная кровь.
Это не секта. Уходи от нас.
Тут вновь и вновь будут теряться дети, будут ходить по спинам.
Babylon'у похуй - я ухожу с миром.
 
Припев.



------------------------------------------------



My Babylon
Chorus:
My Babylon, the pot is smoking like Vietnam is smoking.
My Babylon teaches to divide in half on the streets.
My Babylon, love dads and love moms.
My Babylon, the raging Badman is keeping an eye on us.
My Babylon.
My Babylon.
My Babylon.
My Babylon.
My Babylon.
 
Verse 1:
Badman is keeping an eye on us.
The thoughts leave brother, when i see a trap.
How is it going there? Your sun is under the grille, ja.
I still look on the mountains and scratch my head.
 
I don’t care about Dalabanga, Laban.
Babylon was searching for the spirit with the power of ataman.
There we’ll raise children like ganja, outlaw,
I rule to become such as nature wants.
 
I do so want freedom in these concrete walls.
We speak words while you search for a hole in the veins.
Any deed in Babylon will turn into fighting,
they have their own laws - do not let strangers.
 
Two added, Badman, two added,
if they added more money, I plan, Manas, has long been smoked.
Turn off, turn off, turn off, turn off, my world is my game.
And you have no right to condemn, get out of here.
 
Chorus.
 
Verse 2:
I've already fast, clean,
distributed the cards on the hands,
listen, mister.
You will not see kind faces in the hood,
children have messed up, girls have mowed down.
 
And mom doesn't know me,
and her son has long gone in the footsteps.
This is due to this raging Badman,
The black Babylon got me into!
 
And mom doesn't know me,
and her son has long gone in the footsteps.
This is due to this raging Badman,
The black Babylon got me into!
 
Verse 3:
Two, motherfucker, yo – take care of your ego,
dandle your relatives, your native tribe.
We dispersed before dawn, wolves came and went.
Packs know my law: black baseball caps, black faces, fucking black blood.
This is not a sect. Get away from us.
Here children will be lost again and again, they will walk all over people.
Babylon fucks it - I'm leaving in peace.
 
Chorus.
